OAuth: Introduce user_refresh_token setting and make it default for the selected providers (#71533)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/generic-oauth/index.md

   b. Extend the `scopes` field of `[auth.generic_oauth]` section in Grafana configuration file with refresh token scope used by your OAuth2 provider.

   c. Set `use_refresh_token` to `true` in `[auth.generic_oauth]` section in Grafana configuration file.

>    d. Enable the refresh token on the provider if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   d. Enable refresh token on the provider if the provider requires enabling offline access.
```

something like this?

Author: I would leave the current one because it has been suggested by the docs team!
